** NOTICE ** If you use or extend this code, please cite our work using the following citation.

Q. Wang, Z. Pang, W. Liang, J. Zhang, K. Wang and Y. Yang, "Spatiotemporal Gradient-Based Physical-Layer Authentication Enhanced by CSI-to-Image Transformation for Industrial Mobile Devices," in IEEE Transactions on Industrial Informatics, doi: 10.1109/TII.2023.3316178.

# the-STG-PLA-algorithms
This is the code of my STG-PLA algorithms and this work has been published on IEEE Transactions on Industrial Informatics with a link: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10286234

Channel-state information (CSI)-based physical-layer authentication (PLA) has gained significant attention. However, in industrial mobile scenarios, the time-varying channels and changing device locations limit the reliability of CSI-based PLA algorithms. Furthermore, the performance of existing PLA algorithms degrades sharply at uncalibrated locations. To improve the reliability and robustness of authentication, we propose a new spatiotemporal gradient-based-PLA (STG-PLA) algorithm enhanced by CSI-to-image transformation. We first extract correlation and scattering features to depict the multidimensional channel properties, including selectivity and dispersion. We then convert several individual CSI sequences to a CSI-image. Therefore, the spatiotemporal correlation gradient of the CSI-sequences is reflected in one CSI-image. Both simulations and experiments show that STG-PLA reduces the authentication error rate from >10 (in existing studies) to <1 , which signifies considerable progress toward the practical applicability. Furthermore, with no model retraining, STG-PLA exhibits the robust performance when the device moves to uncalibrated locations.
